Приложение дает понять, почему цель не выполняется, выводя тебя на причину = блок, который мешает достижению цели. 

А что, если также выводить людей на то, чтобы они поняли, что хотят получить в результате достижения цели. Верная ли поставленная цель для того, чтоб получить результат результата? Блог = любовь многих, а по сути блог = заполнить брешь в любви к себе. Как ее заполнить другим способом? 

Прежде чем ставить цель, нужно понять желания, они и есть движущая сила. Желание - это база Делания, то на чем стоит Делание. Желание нами управляет, нами движет. Когда от желания мы переходим к Деланию, это равно тому, что мы идем по шкале развития личности вверх. Эта шкалу роста личностиДэвид Хокинс называет «сознанием» 

What are you worried about right now? Are there any specific issues or problems that you're currently facing and would like to resolve?
want to write blog but it seems that no one interested in my life and thoughts

Now, could you turn the situation around in your mind? If everything went perfectly, what would that look like?

Many people interested in my blog and my thoughts, moreover they want to hear me and my opinion

What do you think could go wrong, or what negative outcomes might occur, if this ideal situation were to happen?

(How to identify your belief?)
— our app has different practice tools and we’ll call them “processing”. The tool allows you step by step identify your belief and transform or rewrite it. On out app there are a lot of tools. Each level opens a different one. In each stage of life we need certain tool to move faster. The first thing to focus on so you can identify your belief is to start trust to your own feelings. 
Right now try to trust those quick thoughts that will come when u ask yourself questions. Don’t evaluate them. Don’t think wether them write or wrong. 
let’s pretend you’re want to accomplish certain amount of money and you’ve chosen a goal reach to have some bigger income. Now look what confuses you there. It’s probably weird and unusual - no one has ever asked you before what confuses you if your goal were reached. But if nothing bothered you, you would have accomplished it long ago. 
When your find your belief you’ll experience uncomfortable feelings. It’s similar to what you experience when you very stressed. Nerves tension is necessary for our work. It’s fine if you already feel it. Next: it’s important to simply follow the tool.  Right now close your eyes, say you goal and ask yourself out loud «What confuses me? What will be wrong if my goal is realised»/ The text will promp you what to say and do, so you don’t need to memorise it.


No one really cares, they just make fun of me, they don't take me seriously

Now, let's formulate the belief in the format, "If..., then..." Both parts of the statement should start in the future tense.

If I will write my blog and translate to everyone my thoughts, then they will laugh at me and won't take me seriously

(How to process correctly?)
– in order for the sessions ti have maximum effect, and for you to find as many limiting believes as possible, it’s important to do it right. Check yourself.
1. during the session you shouldn’t be distracted by anything. You should be calm and feel safe. So try to chose time and place where there is no noice and distrsctions. Headphones are wellcome.
2. follow the prompts on the screen in Practice mode.  
3. session posture: it’s important to seat in a right position. You are siting, elbows resting on your knees, head resting on your hands, which are on your forehead, and your head is slightly lowered
4. Wile you’re processing a session, try to relax, say the words of the tool with the eyes closed. concentrate and move your focus to the middle of your chest to the area of the solar plexus.   As the voice pauses repeat word after word out loud with emotion, clearly and confidently. Try to convey the meaning of pronounced words, live them. Dome people start to yawn wile working with the tool - this is absolutely normal: yawning means that you have a resistance to change, just continue the process. this will soon go away. What should you do is to ….  

Close your eyes, turn your inner gaze forward. Now move your inner focus to your chest area. Concentrate on the area of your chest and repeat aloud with confidence.

It was okay for me to think that If I will write my blog and translate to everyone my thoughts, then they will laugh at me and won't take me seriously. But it was only my belief, only mine. It was okay for me to use this belief, but it was only mine.

Do you want to process this belief deeper?
Yes / no

(How to break a connection?)

It was okay for me to connect "I will write my blog and translate to everyone my thoughts " and " they will laugh at me and won't take me seriously". But it was only my connection, only mine. It was okay for me to use it, but it was only mine.

Do you want to work deeper with your belief?
Yes /no

(How to process deeper?)

For what reason did I need to believe that they will laugh at me and won't take me seriously?
Complete the phrase "Only if I have this belief will I..." by inserting your answer to the question, "For what reason?"

Only if I have this belief I will hide of everybody

It was okay for me to think that only if I have this belief " they will laugh at me and won't take me seriously " then hide of everybody. But only I thought that. The belief was only mine. It was okay for me to use it, but it was only mine.

If the perfect situation never occurred in your life, would it feel like your life has lost all meaning to you?
Yes/no (no)

We often hesitate to act due to the fear of potential consequences. Do you have specific fears related to this situation?

Yes /no (yes)

Can you call this fear "panic?" Do you fear your ideal situation will never happen?
Yes (yes)

Complete the phrase: " will never...
." (write your "passionate goal" as if it will never happen)

(Reverse process?)

I will never write my blog and show my thoughts to people

Close your eyes and repeat after the tool: I will never write my blog and show my thoughts to people . What is conflicting for me?

will not exist in their lives
It was okay for me to think that if I could never write my blog and show my thoughts to people, then I will not exist in their lives . But only I thought that. This belief was only mine. It was okay for me to use it, but it was only mine.

Close your eyes and repeat after the tool: I will never write my blog and show my thoughts to people . What else is confusing?

no meaning if my life
It was okay for me to think that if I could never I will not exist in their lives, then no meaning if my life. But only I thought that.
This belief was only mine. It was okay for me to use it, but it was only mine.

Close your eyes and repeat after the tool: I will never I will not exist in their lives.
What else is confusing?

why do live here on the earth

It was okay for me to think that if I could never no meaning if my life, then why do I live here on the earth. But only I thought that. This belief was only mine. It was okay for me to use it, but it was only mine.
Close your eyes and repeat after the tool: I will never no meaning if my life. What else is confusing?
I don't want to work hard on anything

It was okay for me to think that if I could never why do I live here on the earth, then I don't want to work hard on anything.
But only I thought that. This belief was only mine. It was okay for me to use it, but it was only mine.
Close your eyes and repeat after the tool: I will never why do I live here on the earth
What else is confusing?

but I live meaningless life

It was okay for me to think that if I could never I don't want to work hard on anything, then but I live meaningless life.
But only I thought that. This belief was only mine. It was okay for me to use it, but it was only mine.

Close your eyes and repeat after the tool: I will never I don't want to work hard on anything. What else is confusing?

Nothing else is confusing